# 오답노트

## Part5

Q. The letter to the editor was written by Janice Reeves, a ___ to National Gardening Magazine

A. subscribed
B. subscribes
C. subscriber 
D. subscription 

Q. Now that the bakery has brought in a long-term investor, it is in good shape ___. 

A. finances 
B. finance 
C. financial 
D. financially 

Q. The guests seated at the VIP table at the company's banquet include ___ for the annual employee awards. 

A. nominated 
B. nominations 
C. nominees 
D. nominate 

Q. EZ Couriers will purchase three more vans for its fleet in an effort to ____ the rise in demand for its services. 

A. predict 
B. accommodate 
C. attribute 
D. generate 

Q. Tourists and locals alike visit the farmers market because the produce there is very ___ priced 

A. reason 
B. reasoned 
C. reasonably 
D. reasonable

Q. Event planners selected the Ingram Center for the software convention due to its ___ to major highways.

A. publicity
B. proximity 
C. regularity
D. locality 

Q. ___ gently the criticism of a staff member is made, it could still cause offense to a sensitive person 

A. Somewhat 
B. However
C. Entirely 
D. Seldom 

Q. Gabriel Falcone created a fully automated system that allowed the pharmaceutical company to more ___ evaluate a medical test's accuracy

A. narrowly 
B. increasingly 
C. partially 
D. efficiently

Q. Recommend a friend of ___ to join our gym, and we will provide a discounted membership

A. you 
B. your 
C. yourself 
D. yours 

Q. The manager ___ asked that Ms. Nicola be the one to lead the negotiations with Cinta Corp. 

A. utterly 
B. specifically 
C. broadly 
D. gradually 

Q. The airline's new policy increases the baggage ___ from one suitcase per passenger to two for international flights. 

A. claim 
B. involvement 
C. allowance 
D. acquisition 

Q. Chef Francis Gales opened a restaurant ___ menu changes daily depending on the best fish and produce available each morning

A. that 
B. when 
C. whose 
D. while

Q. Situated in the heart of the tourist district, York History Museum displays the ___ collection of tapestries in the UK.

A. lightest 
B. partial 
C. creative 
D. oldest

Q. Mr. Burns was presented with a gold wristwatch in ___ of his 30 years of service to the company.

A. recognition 
B. authorization 
C. decision 
D. proposition 

Q. Astrid Financial Services is hoping to expand its business ___ opening new branches throughout Europe

A. as 
B. of 
C. at 
D. by 

Q. To attract more visitors, Mount Jefferson National Park developed numerous hiking trails ___ for a wide range of fitness levels

A. successful 
B. historical 
C. appropriate 
D. probable 

Q. The first sales representative ___ the monthly target will be awarded with three extra paid vacation days. 

A. reach 
B. for reaching 
C. to reach 
D. is reached 

Q. Lowden Corporation ___ its social media ban on all departments in its head office

A. appraises 
B. obeys 
C. instructs 
D. enforces 

Q. Hotels in the city's Old Town district have experienced a boom in popularity lately thanks to an ___ of tourists

A. influx 
B. intrigue 
C. intention 
D. induction 

Q. Ironman Nutritional Supplies will ___ its shipping fee for anyone who spends at least $300 on an order 

A. prevent 
B. concede 
C. waive 
D. exceed

Q. Please note that opening times for the swimming area at Sadler Lake are subject to change ___ in accordance with the season

A. lightly
B. quarterly
C. properly 
D. barely 

Q. New employees at BAS Accounting should provide two forms of ___ on their first day of work 

A. recognition 
B. categorization
C. identification
D. acceptance 

Q. According to the ___ of this lease, you must vacate the apartment by October 31 at the latest

A. signatures 
B. terms 
C. properties 
D. reviews 

Q. At Regent Chemicals Inc., you may apply to join the staff safety committee if you have ___ one year of first aid training

A. assumed 
B. completed 
C. expected
D. allowed 

Q. The use of bicycles for transportation is ___ even though gas prices have slightly declined.

A. expand 
B. expands 
C. expanded 
D. expanding 

Q. Please fill out a comment card ___ management can evaluate staff performance effectively. 

A. so that 
B. in order to 
C. because of 
D. as well as 

Q. Although his books use some difficult vocabulary, Jim Wallis believes young readers will ___ find them enjoyable. 

A. still
B. quite 
C. too
D. ever 

Q. ___ in meeting the delivery demands in an important part of any courier business. 

A. Relied 
B. Relying 
C. Reliable 
D. Reliability 

Q. Mr. Lincoln always flies with the same airline ___ he has joined a frequent flyer program 

A. so that
B. even if 
C. unless 
D. now that 

Q. Ms. Mason forgot to take the fluctuations ____ currency rates into account when making the projections

A. often 
B. in 
C. finally 
D. on 

Q. Many potential customers were discouraged by ___ similar cell phone plans at Fletcher Mobile

A. confusing
B. confusingly
C. confusion 
D. confused 

Q. Caria Setenton is an ___ entrepreneur who launched a start-up that expanded quickly across the nation

A. embarrassed
B. acceptable
C. ambitious
D. alarmed

Q. Most of Margos Electronics' devices are manufactured ___ factories overseas.

A. by 
B. about 
C. past
D. along 

Q. Even though Maris's Grill is only ___ close to the center of town, it gets a lot more customers than Primaver's. 

A. slightly 
B. overwhelmingly
C. carefully 
D. popularity

Q. Mayor Andrew Jenkins ended the festival by giving a ___ closing speech

A. beauty
B. beautiful 
C. beautify 
D. beautifully 

Q. After Mr. Lamp's presentation, interested investors are encouraged to stay for brief ___.

A. Attendance 
B. maintenance
C. anticipation 
D. discussion

Q. ___ Tracer Industries is able to sell its manufacturing division depends on its performance this quarter

A. Even if 
B. Moreover 
C. Whether 
D. What 

Q. Parkersburg's city council is seeking public ___ on the proposed renovations to Truman Square.

A. preparation 
B. comment 
C. attendance 
D. complaint 

Q. Max Burger's health and safety regulations for its restaurants extend ___ those of most fast food franchises.

A. than
B. beyond
C. while
D. also

Q. ___ the past three months, the number of members at Slate Gym has doubled.

A. Under
B. While 
C. At 
D. Over

Q. ___ arriving at their final destination, the airline passengers waited for their belongings at the luggage carousel.

A. Along 
B. Upon
C. Unlike
D. During 

Q. Dr. Kapadia, who has conducted ___ research in the field of genetic engineering, is a highly respected biologist.

A. furnished 
B. extensive 
C. perishable
D. punctual 

Q. Since the Creo Hotel is within walking ___ of most tourist attractions, it is usually fully booked 

A. direction 
B. scale 
C. map 
D. distance 

Q. ___ her success as a world-renowned pianist, Tina Flores is the author of numerous best-selling books on music theory

A. Above 
B. Behind 
C. Besides
D. Nevertheless 

Q. ___ otherwise stated, the Rochester Diner is open from 7:00 am until 10:00 pm on weekdays.

A. Regardless 
B. Almost 
C. Unless 
D. Whereas

Q. The Gage National Park recommends that hikers bring food and water ___ a compass. 

A. such as 
B. in case of 
C. along with 
D. seeing as 

Q. The company's project was announced by a marketing ___ at yesterday's press conference. 

A. representative 
B. representing 
C. representation 
D. represented

Q. The invited speaker will have five minutes to give ___ remarks at the start of the seminar 

A. most 
B. equal
C. brief
D. busy 

Q. The supermarket regularly issues coupons offering generous ___ on selected items. 

A. deals 
B. excuses
C. shares 
D. chances

Q. To attract young consumers, promoting new products online is more ___ than advertising on television 

A. effects
B. effectively 
C. effecting 
D. effective 

Q. The Seattle Food Convention was a success, attracting over 1,000 chefs ___ a large number of amateur cooks.

A. nor 
B. and 
C. but
D. only 

Q. During peak shopping season, Johnson's sportwear provides additional staff training to ensure an ___ workforce 

A. experienced 
B. experiencing 
C. experiences 
D. experience 

Q. The recent economic downturn does not ___ mean that the unemployment rate will increase 

A. necessarily 
B. expectedly 
C. hesitantly 
D. consciously 

Q. A recent poll indicates that residents are ___ of City Council's plan to raise taxes for a new park 

A. supporting 
B. supportive 
C. supported 
D. supports 

Q. For the best result, give ___ time to recover between workouts 

A. your
B. yours 
C. yourself 
D. itself 

Q. Joel Hardwick's second novel received ____ reviews from critics, who praised its realistic dialog and believable characters. 

A. defective 
B. renewable 
C. artificial 
D. favorable 

Q. Sales ___ weeks three and four of the promotion will be monitored to determine whether it should be extended.

A. above
B. next
C. during 
D. beside

Q. Southwest College ___ degrees in a wide variety of fields, from engineering to philosophy. 

A. grants 
B. will be granted 
C. granting 
D. is granted 

Q. The prolonged drought caused the water level in the reservoir to fall ___ than it ever had before 

A. low 
B. lower 
C. lowly 
D. lowest 

Q. Peter Lee spent the past year ___ searching for new ways to market his software to young consumers. 

A. continually 
B. continuous 
C. continue 
D. continual 

Q. The main role of the department supervisor is to ___ employees toward achieving the company's stated goals.

A. adopt 
B. guide 
C. initiate 
D. establish 

Q. This is an event ___ a growing following over the years and should draw a record number of visitors again this year. 

A. will attract 
B. is attracted
C. being attracted
D. which has attracted 

